Solidity Amalgamator (#16)
Brotocol-xyz/xlink-docs: developers/contracts/README.md

# XLink Smart Contracts

> XLink core functionalities are contained in a series of contracts deployed in Stacks and in EVM-compatible networks. Its main goal is to provide a bridging mechanism, allowing the transfer of different tokens between Bitcoin or EVM-like chains and the Stacks network. Other features include token swaps and the XLink Governance System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XLink's on-chain core functionalities are contained in a series of contracts deployed on Stacks and EVM-compatible networks. Its main goal is to provide a bridging mechanism, allowing the movement of assets between Bitcoin and other blockchains ecosystems such as Stacks, Ethereum and Arbitrum (see complete list of chain [here](https://docs.brotocol.xyz/xlink-network/readme/ethereum-contract-addresses#table-of-contents)). Other XLink features include Bitcoin swaps, liquidity aggregation across chains, staking protocols intregration and the XLink Governance System.
```

The subsections below introduce the purpose, scope and interactions of the XLink contracts in Stacks and Ethereum, respectively. Within each subsection, you will find a detailed overview of each smart contract and its main variables, features, error codes and events.

## Explore

> {% content-ref url="ethereum/README.md" %} [ethereum/README.md](ethereum/README.md) {% endcontent-ref %}

Reviewer: Me parece que deberíamos llamar a la sección EVM en lugar de Ethereum no? Qué opinás?

Me refiero a 
```
git mv developers/contracts/ethereum/ developers/contracts/evm/
```
